[Storage] Allow updating file paths (#1255)
instantdb/instant: client/www/pages/docs/storage.md

await db.storage.delete('demo.png');
```

### Update file paths

You can use `db.transact` to update file paths.

```javascript
// Move all files under 'documents/my-video-project/' to 'videos/my-video-project/'

const { data } = await db.query({
  $files: { $: { where: { path: { $like: 'documents/my-video-project/%' } } } },
});

await db.transact(
  data.$files.map((file) =>
    db.tx.$files[file.id].update({
      path: file.path.replace(
        'documents/my-video-project/',
        'videos/my-video-project/',
      ),
    }),
  ),
);
```

> `path` is a unique attribute so if the path already exists the transaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`path` is a unique attribute so if another file exists with that path, then the transaction
```
